[Music]
cellulite whose dips and bumps under the
skin that can show up on anyone no
matter what their weight well if yours
is really ruining your confidence then
here are some exercises you can do to
fade the look of cellulite in no time
so grab your yoga pants and let's get
started
butterfly leg raises lie on your back
with your arms by your sides
bend your knees out to the side and put
the soles of your feet together don't
forget to engage your abs and leg
muscles now legs your legs toward the
ceiling keeping your arms on the ground
hold this position for a couple of
seconds relax your muscles and your
lower back down keep your eyes on the
timer and let's do 10 reps ready go
[Music]
this exercise it gives a nice workout to
your abs as well as your inner thighs
hips and butt some favorite places
cellulite likes to show up knees to
chest hugs lie on your back with your
legs straight and your arms by your
sides
from this position raise both legs and
bend your knees toward your chest hug
your legs by wrapping your arms around
your knees and gently pulling them
toward your chest hold it for a couple
of seconds and go back to the starting
position
all clear then let's do 10 of these as
well and go
[Music]
this exercise stretches the muscles in
your butt stabilizes your pelvis and
blacks cellulite away
single leg bridges lie on your back with
your knees bent and hip width apart your
feet should be flat on the floor and
your arms down by your sides now raise
your right leg and extend it in front of
you keeping your legs straight raise
your hips and buttocks off the ground
hold this bridge for a couple of seconds
and slowly lower yourself back down
eight lifts on each leg will be enough
starting now really push those hips
toward the ceiling
good now your left leg
strengthening the muscles of your glutes
and thighs like this will tone up your
body and sculpt your buttocks was--it's
stand with your back against the wall
and your feet shoulder-width apart about
a foot away from the wall while keeping
your back against the wall slowly lower
yourself by bending your knees at a 90
degree angle in the end it should look
like you're sitting in an invisible
chair pushed up against the wall think
you can sit for the next thirty Seconds
then let's start that timer
[Music]
it might not feel like this exercise
works any muscles in your body but give
it some time and you'll quickly start to
feel the burn particularly in your
thighs while sitting also helps sculpt
the butt and of course reduce the
appearance of cellulite in these areas
when you're doing this exercise in the
future try to do 10 sets of 30 seconds
for the best results side lunges stand
with your legs slightly wider than your
shoulders and your toes pointed forward
now take a large step to the right
slowly shifting your body weight to your
right leg by bending your right knee at
a 90 degree angle stand back up into the
initial position let's start with 8 reps
on your right leg
[Music]
halfway there and now the left leg
side lunges target your quads glutes and
inner and outer thighs doing them
regularly improves the blood circulation
there and thus fades cellulite downward
dog split
get on all fours so that your wrists are
under your shoulders and your knees are
under your hips then tuck your toes
under press your hands into the floor
and straighten your legs to come up into
the downward dog yoga pose now inhale
and extend your right leg it should be
in line with your upper body exhale and
go back to downward dog this is gonna be
a challenge so let's do five on each leg
for now starting with the right one get
that leg up
[Music]
now the left leg
downward dog split is perfect for
opening your hips and stretching the
muscles of your thighs legs and abs how
you feeling by the way don't give up on
me now
you're doing great single leg circles
lie flat on the ground with your legs
straight and your arms at your sides
from this position raise your right leg
to the ceiling and slowly start to make
circles with it your legs should be
completely straight when you're done
lower your leg back down let's do eight
circles for each leg starting with the
right one
keep that left leg straight down on the
floor and now let's get that left leg up
[Music]
single leg circles make your quads and
hamstrings stronger and help reduce any
signs of cellulite on your buttocks in
no time at all clamshell exercise lie on
your left side with your knees bent at a
45 degree angle your legs should be
stacked and your head should be resting
in your left hand from there raise your
right knee as high as you can while
keeping your feet together use your
right arm to stabilize your body hold
this pose for a couple of seconds and go
back to the initial position so starting
on the left side let's do eight reps
don't shift those hips
[Music]
now the right side with that left mean
eight times
[Music]
[Applause]
you feeling the burn in those glutes and
outer thighs that's what we're going for
here donkey kicks for this exercise
you'll start on all fours your knees
should be in line with your hips and the
same goes for your shoulders and wrists
now lift up your right leg keeping your
knee bent until your right thigh is
parallel to the floor hold it right
there for a couple of seconds and lower
your leg back down eight reps on that
right leg starting now
[Music]
[Applause]
squeeze those buttocks to lift that leg
as high as you can and switch legs
[Music]
donkey kicks target the area where your
glutes and hamstrings meet a favorite
spot where cellulite likes to hang out
but not anymore
pile squats stand with your feet
slightly wider than your hips and your
toes pointed out at 45 degrees now bend
your knees and lower your body until
your thighs are parallel to the floor
stay in this position for a couple of
seconds squeeze your glutes a little bit
and return to the initial position how
about 10 reps for this one great then
let's go
[Music]
Pyle squats are considered one of the
most effective exercises for removing
cellulite and the secret is simple they
work the glutes hamstrings quads and
inner thighs all at once
keep up vet energy you're almost done
just one more exercise left forward
lunges stand with your feet hip width
apart your elbows bent at your sides and
your fists clenched take a big step
forward with your right leg all the
while moving your left arm forward and
your right arm back bend your knees and
slightly lower your body until your
right thigh is parallel to the floor
make sure that both your knees make
90-degree angles
hold this pose for a second and return
to the initial position do the same with
a big step forward on your left leg
let's finish today's workout with 16
reps ready and go
[Music]
forward lunges strengthen all your leg
muscles from your calves all the way up
to your buttocks so it's kinda like a
full-body cellulite busting exercise
just make sure the knee of your lower
leg doesn't touch the floor and that's
it for today if you want to see results
even quicker until each of these
exercises 15 to 20 times another
important part of cellulite free legs
and buttocks is water it keeps your body
hydrated flushes out toxins and combats
fat accumulation experts usually
recommend drinking about eight glasses
of water every day but a lot of that
will depend on your activity level
speaking of which cellulites biggest
enemy is an active lifestyle run every
morning take walks in a nearby park take
the stairs or ride a bike whatever it
might be just get up and moving if you
have any cellulite secrets of your own
please share them down in the comments
don't forget to give this video a like
share it with your friends and click
Subscribe to always stay on the bright
side of life
[Music]